NEW SHOOTING FILES - usage instructions:

Mixed team trap—

There are three files: Qualification, Final, and Shoot-off Only.

1. Use the Qualification file in xkoranate for qualification, selecting 6 teams to progress as is standard. Ignore the 'final' option in xkoranate. A shoot-off remains coded in this file.

2. Use the Final file in xkoranate for the final, but under the 'Qualification' option after the data input screen. This will present 10 sets of scores for each team. Enter this data into a spreadsheet, eliminating the worst team after 5, 6, 7, and 8 sets. 

3. Use the Shoot-off Only file if there is a tie in the Final that needs separating.

————————————————————————————————————
Mixed team 10 m air rifle—

There are four files: Qualification, Final First Six Series, Final Last Series, and Final Shoot-off.

1. Use the Qualification file in xkoranate for qualification, selecting 5 teams to progress as is standard. IN CASE OF A TIE: Ties are broken counting backwards from the most recent shooting series, with the higher score winning the tie. There is no shoot-off in qualification.

2. Use the Final First Six Series file in xkoranate for the final:
- Under the 'Qualification' option, select ALL shooters to advance;
- Run the 'final'. This will generate the next three series in the final. Enter this data (including the "qualification" score—in reality part of the final) into a spreadsheet, eliminating the worst team after each of these extra series. The last team eliminated in this manner wins bronze, leaving two teams;

3. Use the Final Last Series file in xkoranate to generate the last series in the final. Add these values to the scores already obtained from the Final First Six Series file to produce the final result for gold and silver.

4. Use the Final Shoot-off file if there is a tie to be broken in the Final.

—————————————————————————————————————
Mixed team 10 m air pistol—

There are four files: Qualification, Final First Six Series, Final Last Series, and Shoot-off.

1. Use the Qualification file in xkoranate for qualification, selecting 5 teams to progress as is standard. IN CASE OF A TIE: Ties are broken counting backwards from the most recent shooting series, with the higher score winning the tie. If teams are still tied (all four qualifying series with same score), scorinate a shoot-off.

2. Use the Final First Six Series file in xkoranate for the final:
- Under the 'Qualification' option, select ALL shooters to advance;
- Run the 'final'. This will generate the next three series in the final. Enter this data (including the "qualification" score—in reality part of the final) into a spreadsheet, eliminating the worst team after each of these extra series. The last team eliminated in this manner wins bronze, leaving two teams;

3. Use the Final Last Series file in xkoranate to generate the last series in the final. Add these values to the scores already obtained from the Final First Six Series file to produce the final result for gold and silver.

4. Use the Shoot-off file if there is a tie to be broken in Qualification (after count-back) or in the Final.